my cats they don't always get on
sometimes they kind of chase each other
looks a little bit aggressive so what I
do to kind of break that up to turn it
just struck them as we use a laser pen
you will have seen these so Qasimi
cheers you to the round there one or
both them will become transfixed by a
little red dot that has appeared on the
ceiling or the walls or the floor and
it's so effective that we've started
using it in our own relationship all I
want you to do when you finish with your
wet towels is put them in there's always
a bit of a growing the work out the
hierarchy then it settles down the day I
knew our two were gonna be okay with
each other was the day that I walked
into our bedroom and they were lying on
the bed like that they weren't quite
spooning but it was good enough for me
Big Momma spoons get none and then
Brodie leaned over to Ripley the little
girl cat and just stood licking her
supposed to be here for this but
she was brilliantly she was lying with
her legs shut like that soon as he
started licking her ass or she went ah
that's lovely
such a staccato we've got a dog as well
we've got a dog about a year and a half
ago he's a rescue dog and he is
genuinely the light of my life he really
is he's absolutely adorable we um we had
some problems with him in the beginning
and I suppose um we well he didn't know
how to play which is quite sad he didn't
have to play so what we do is we try and
throw a ball at him he didn't really
understand you been in kennels for a
year so I suppose it's understandable
and all sorts of toys we got didn't
didn't get any of it and then one day my
husband was getting ready for bed and as
he pulled up one of he sucks the dog
jumped up and grabbed it in that a
little game of so nice to see the dog
play none further investigation we
discovered that the dog doesn't like
clean socks he only likes the ones my
husband refers to his meaty just a force
it's a compliment because I guess it
means they're not very meaty
quite hurt by that but I'm nothing if
not competitive in love and I thought
what could after item that'd be worse
than socks Oh some of you are quite
quickly loves it
[Music]